Asset bundle demo (#443)
databrickslabs/dqx: demos/dqx_demo_asset_bundle/README.md

Deploying DQX jobs with Databricks Asset Bundles
===

> This demo shows how to deploy DQX jobs using [Databricks Asset Bundles](https://docs.databricks.com/aws/en/dev-tools/bundles/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This demo shows how to install DQX library using [Databricks Asset Bundles](https://docs.databricks.com/aws/en/dev-tools/bundles/) and apply quality checks.
```

## Prerequisites
Using Databricks Asset Bundles requires local installation of the [Databricks Command Line Interface (CLI)](https://docs.databricks.com/aws/en/dev-tools/cli/).

Once installed, you must configure authentication between the Databricks CLI and your target workspace.

## Resources
The directory includes:
- [Asset bundle configuration file](/demos/dqx_demo_asset_bundle/databricks.yml) for deploying and running the job
- [Example notebook](/demos/dqx_demo_asset_bundle/dqx_demo_notebook.py) applying DQX checks and saving the output datasets
- Quality rules files:
  - [Sensor data quality rules](/demos/dqx_demo_asset_bundle/sensor_data_quality_rules.yml)
  - [Maintenance data quality rules](/demos/dqx_demo_asset_bundle/maint_data_quality_rules.yml)

## Deploying the job
Navigate to `/dqx_demo_asset_bundle` and execute the following CLI command:

```
cd dqx_demo_asset_bundle
databricks bundle deploy
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Similar to other Databricks CLI commands, we can specify the Databricks profile to use with `--profile`.

```
